(#843) Add page for configuring CCM with HSTS (#845)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/guides/organizations/configure-chocolatey-central-management-with-hsts.md

---
Order: 60
xref: configure-chocolatey-central-management-with-hsts

> Title: How To Configure Chocolatey Central Management to use HSTS
> Description: How To Configure Chocolatey Central Management to use HSTS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: How to Configure Chocolatey Central Management to Use HSTS
Description: How to Configure Chocolatey Central Management to Use HSTS
```

---

## Overview

> :choco-warning: **WARNING**
>

> > Although HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) allows you to have reasonable certainty that your connection to Chocolatey Central Management is not intercepted, we recommend that you do not connect your Chocolatey Central Management server directly to the internet. Instead you should consider connecting through a load balancer or reverse proxy of the like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Although HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) allows you to have reasonable certainty that your connection to Chocolatey Central Management is not intercepted, we recommend that you do not connect your Chocolatey Central Management server directly to the internet.
```

Reviewer: Lets avoid making recommendations that we don't provide additional information / configuration / setup for.

> Chocolatey Central Management is hosted by an IIS server, and can make use of the features available in IIS. Below is some general information about how to enable HSTS with IIS. You can also make use of a reverse proxy to sit between your Chocolatey Central Management server and your clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chocolatey Central Management is hosted by II and makes use of features available by it. Below is some general information about how to enable HSTS with both IIS and a reverse proxy.
```

Author: There's a typo here in the suggestion. Adding a comment to remind myself to come back and edit the commit to add an S.

Author: I've edited the `S` into the commit. Re-resolving this conversation.

## Enabling HSTS Within IIS

> If you are running IIS 10.0 version 1709 or later, you can enable HSTS using the `<hsts>` element of the `<site>` element. Microsoft has information as well as samples [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/configuration/system.applicationhost/sites/site/hsts). If you are on newer versions of IIS, you may even have access to enabling HSTS within the IIS Management Console; steps to enable it this way are below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running IIS 10.0 version 1709 or later, you can enable HSTS using the [documentation, and samples, provided by Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/configuration/system.applicationhost/sites/site/hsts). If you are on newer versions of IIS, you may even have access to enabling HSTS within the IIS Management Console; steps to enable it this way are below.
```

Reviewer: >  If you are on newer versions of IIS, you may even have access to enabling HSTS within the IIS Management Consol

I don't understand this. It says you may have access? What if you don't? What do they do? Is there a plugin / addin for IIS that is needed?

Reviewer: Okay, can you reword this then to say that if you're on later version and you don't have the GUI see the Microsoft samples?

Author: I had some troubles wrapping my head around the best way to reword this. I ended up settling on adding a blurb afterwards that links to the Microsoft page for how to configure it in that version.

1. Open the IIS Management Console.
1. In the **Connection** pane, expand the server and then **Sites** to select `ChocolateyCentralManagement`.
1. On the right, select **HSTS**  under **Configure** in the **Actions** pane.
1. Configure HSTS as desired.

> ### Enabling HSTS Within IIS Prior to IIS 10.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling HSTS Prior to IIS 10.0 Version 1709
```

Reviewer: I'm assuming from the text in this section, that the heading is correct?

> 1. Open the IIS Management Console
> 1. In the Connection pane, expand the server and then Sites to select `ChocolateyCentralManagement`
> 1. On the right, select HSTS  under `Configure` in the Actions pane.
> 1. Configure HSTS as desired.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the IIS Management Console.
1. In the **Connection** pane, expand the server and then **Sites** to select `ChocolateyCentralManagement`.
1. On the right, select **HSTS**  under **Configure** in the **Actions** pane.
1. Configure HSTS as desired.

```

Reviewer: Please be consistent with ending bullet points with full stops / periods.

> ### Enabling HSTS within IIS prior to IIS 10.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling HSTS Within IIS Prior to IIS 10.0
```

Reviewer: Please be consistent with headings.

> While HSTS is available natively within IIS 10.0 version 1709, it is [possible although complicated](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/get-started/whats-new-in-iis-10-version-1709/iis-10-version-1709-hsts#challenges-on-enabling-hsts-before-iis-100-version-1709) to use it with IIS prior to this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While HSTS is available natively within IIS 10.0 version 1709, it is [possible](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/iis/get-started/whats-new-in-iis-10-version-1709/iis-10-version-1709-hsts#challenges-on-enabling-hsts-before-iis-100-version-1709) to use it with IIS prior to this version.
```

Reviewer: 'complicated' is a relative term. We should only providing information and facts.

> Although it sounds like HSTS is not available in IIS prior to 10.0 version 1709, you may be able to configure it with a custom setup. There is [an external blog post](https://www.saotn.org/enable-http-strict-transport-security-hsts-on-iis/) that goes into the steps needed to configure this.

Reviewer: > Although it sounds like
> you may be able to

This does not sound confident when reading it. Please state whether it's available or not and if you are not, advise the user how to determine for themselves.

Reviewer: This blog post is 8 years old. Is it accurate and useful for IIS 10 on a later OS?

Author: I've reworded this section and linked to the Microsoft article.

### Using a Reverse Proxy to Enable HSTS

> While Chocolatey Central Management runs on IIS, you could use a reverse proxy and configure HSTS on the reverse proxy server. For instance NGINX has an [article covering HSTS configuration](https://www.nginx.com/blog/http-strict-transport-security-hsts-and-nginx/), or you could use Apache and follow a guide such as [this one](https://www.simplified.guide/apache/enable-hsts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Chocolatey Central Management runs on IIS, you could use a reverse proxy and configure HSTS on the reverse proxy server. For instance NGINX has an [article covering HSTS configuration](https://www.nginx.com/blog/http-strict-transport-security-hsts-and-nginx/), or you could use Apache and follow a guide such as [this one](https://www.simplified.guide/apache/enable-hsts).

We provide this information as a reference for enabling HSTS and you should evaluate and apply the necessary configuration for your environment. 
```

> In order to configure HSTS outside of IIS, you could use a reverse proxy and configure HSTS on the reverse proxy server. For instance nginx has an [article covering HSTS configuration](https://www.nginx.com/blog/http-strict-transport-security-hsts-and-nginx/), or you could use Apache and follow a guide such as [this one](https://www.simplified.guide/apache/enable-hsts).

Reviewer: Can we change this to be more specific than 'Outside of IIS' and be more 'Nginx and Apache'?

Author: I've updated the heading and adjusted the wording of the start of the line.
